Cala Major Beach: A beautiful urban beach with fine sand and crystal-clear waters, ideal for families and water activities in Palma de Mallorca.
El Cubo Sculpture: A modern and geometric work of art located in a prominent place in Palma de Mallorca, offering an interesting perspective on contemporary art.
Palma de Mallorca Marina: An important marina with luxury yachts, restaurants, and shops, a focal point for maritime life in the city.
Avenida Antoni Maura: A main avenue with trees and views of the harbor, leading to the Cathedral and the historic center of Palma de Mallorca.
Cathedral of Santa María of Palma de Mallorca: An impressive Gothic cathedral, also known as "La Seu", an iconic symbol of Palma and an architectural jewel.
Bay of Palma de Mallorca: A wide bay with spectacular views, ideal for sailing, relaxing on the beach, and enjoying the sunsets.
Royal Palace of La Almudaina: A historic palace with Arab and Christian influences, a royal residence and a testament to Mallorca's rich history.
Baluard de Sant Pere: A historic fortification that is part of the ancient walls of Palma, offering panoramic views of the city and the sea.
Playa de Palma: An extensive beach with a lively nightlife, hotels, restaurants, and activities for all ages.
Llotja de Palma: An old stock exchange building with impressive Gothic architecture, now a cultural and exhibition space.
Cathedral of Santa María of Palma de Mallorca: An impressive Gothic cathedral, also known as "La Seu", an iconic symbol of Palma and an architectural jewel.
Cala Major Beach: A beautiful urban beach with fine sand and crystal-clear waters, ideal for families and water activities in Palma de Mallorca.
Consolat de Mar: Historic building that houses the headquarters of the Government of the Balearic Islands, with outstanding architecture and political significance.
Fountain of the Turtles: An ornamental fountain with turtle sculptures, a picturesque landmark in Palma.
Passeig des Born: An elegant tree-lined avenue, Palma's main artery, with luxury shops, cafes, and a vibrant atmosphere.
Royal Palace of La Almudaina: A historic palace with Arab and Christian influences, a royal residence and a testament to Mallorca's rich history.
Cathedral of Santa María of Palma de Mallorca: An impressive Gothic cathedral, also known as "La Seu", an iconic symbol of Palma and an architectural jewel.
Palma de Mallorca Marina: An important marina with luxury yachts, restaurants, and shops, a focal point for maritime life in the city.
Illuminated staircase: An urban staircase that lights up at night, creating a magical atmosphere and an attractive photographic spot.
Church of Santa Cruz: A historic church with outstanding religious architecture, a place of worship and a point of cultural interest in Palma.
Calle Sant Feliu: A picturesque street with local shops, traditional architecture, and a charming atmosphere in the center of Palma.
Playa de Palma: An extensive beach with a lively nightlife, hotels, restaurants, and activities for all ages.
Bellver Castle: A circular Gothic castle with panoramic views of Palma and the bay, a historic place and a spectacular viewpoint.
Passeig des Born: An elegant tree-lined avenue, Palma's main artery, with luxury shops, cafes, and a vibrant atmosphere.
Paseo Sagrera: A promenade near the Llotja, ideal for walking, enjoying the views of the port, and feeling the sea breeze.
Bellver Castle: A circular Gothic castle with panoramic views of Palma and the bay, a historic place and a spectacular viewpoint.
Playa de Palma: An extensive beach with a lively nightlife, hotels, restaurants, and activities for all ages.
Traditional windmill: A restored windmill, representing the rural heritage of Mallorca and its agricultural history.
Bellver Castle: A circular Gothic castle with panoramic views of Palma and the bay, a historic place and a spectacular viewpoint.
Cathedral of Santa María of Palma de Mallorca: An impressive Gothic cathedral, also known as "La Seu", an iconic symbol of Palma and an architectural jewel.